FEAT-4463: Add experimental fuzzydata integration for testing against a randomized dataframe workflow (#4556)
modin-project/modin: docs/usage_guide/advanced_usage/index.rst

for a walkthrough on how to use this feature, as well as :doc:`Batch Pipeline API documentation </flow/modin/experimental/batch>`
for more information about the API.

Fuzzydata Testing

> -----------------
> An experimental Github Action on push has been added to modin which automatically runs the modin codebase against
> fuzzydata, a random dataframe workflow generator. The resulting workflow that was used to test modin codebase can be
> downloaded as an artifact from the github actions tab for further inspection. See `fuzzydata`_ for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-----------------

An experimental GitHub Action on pull request has been added to Modin, which automatically runs the Modin codebase against
`fuzzydata`, a random dataframe workflow generator. The resulting workflow that was used to test Modin codebase can be
downloaded as an artifact from the GitHub Actions tab for further inspection. See `fuzzydata`_ for more details.
```
